Q1. Difference between Data science machine learning and AI
DS: Use machine Learning technique to do analysis and prediction 
Machine Learning: is a subset of AI。 is a technique
AI: It is a combination of both business and technical aspects.

Q2.Python or R :
Python. a lot of libarady: pandas,numpy

Q3. Which technique is used to predict categorical responses?
Classification technique

Q4. What is logistic regression? Or State an example when you have used logistic regression recently.
Logistic Regression refers as logit model. Predict binary outcome from a combination of variable. 
prediction of subscribe. survive analysis

Q5. What are Recommender Systems?
predict the users' ratings to a product

Q6.
Cleaning data from multiple sources to transform it into a format that data scientists can work with is important.
as the volume of data increate, we need spend more time on cleaning data.

Q7.  Differentiate between univariate, bivariate and multivariate analysis.
univariate:bar charts pie charts of sale
bivariable: is used to find out if there is a relationship between two different variables
multivariate: 3 or more

Q8.  What do you understand by the term Normal Distribution?
data is distributed around a central value without any bias to the left or right and
reaches normal distribution in the form of a bell shaped curve.

Q9.What is Linear Regression?
linear regression is a linear approach for modeling the relationship between y
and  one or more explanatory variables X

Q10  What is Interpolation and Extrapolation?
Interpolation: Estimating a value from 2 known values from a list of values. 
Extrapolation: is approximating a value by extending a known set of values.

Q11.What is power analysis?
An experimental design technique for determining the effect of a given sample size.

Q12. What is K-means? How can you select K for K-means?
clustering

Q13.Collaborative filtering?
is used by most of the recommender systems . is a method to do automatic predictions about 
the interests of a user by collecting preferences or taste 

Q14  What is the difference between Cluster and Systematic Sampling?
Cluster sampling: divide population into clusters and then take simple random sample from each clusters. less costs
Systematic sampling: select random starting point in population

Q15:Are expected value and mean value different?
Mean value is the only value that comes from the sampling data.
Expected value is the population mean.

Q16 What does P-value signify about the statistical data?
P-value is used to determine the significance of results after a hypothesis test 
p -value between 0 and 1
P- Value > 0.05  which means the null hypothesis cannot be rejected.
P-value < 0.05  which means the null hypothesis can be rejected.
P-value=0.05is the marginal value indicating it is possible to go either way.

Q17 Do gradient descent methods always converge to same point?
No, they do not because in some cases it reaches a local minima or a local optima point

Q18 What are categorical variables?
can be category. can be asign to particular group

Q19 A test has a true positive rate of 100% and false positive rate of 5%. There is a population with a 1/1000 rate of having the condition the test identifies. Considering a positive test, what is the probability of having that condition?


Q20  How you can make data normal using Box-Cox transformation?
A Box Cox transformation is a way to transform non-normal dependent variables into a normal shape. 

Q21  What is the difference between Supervised Learning an Unsupervised Learning?
Algorithm can learm from training data and apply to test data, is supervised learning
Algorithm does not learn anything or there is no traing data, is unsupervised learning
